1)What is constructor in java? Write a program to show the use of constructor.

2) Define super keyword , final keyword and this keyword .
Write a program in JAVA to show the use of super keyword , final keyword and this keyword.

3) Define methodoverloading and methodoverriding and WAP in java to show the use of method overloading and overriding.

4) Define abstract class and interface with example programs. 

5) WAP to sort a array in ascending order .

6) WAP to find largest element of an array

7) WAP to find  smallest element of an array

8) WAP to arrange one-dimensional array in descending order.

9) WAP to show the use of for - each statement ( long question).

10) Define access modifiers with examples.

11) Define inheritence , variable length argument , ternary operators

12) What are the types of operators in JAVA with examples

13) Define abstraction , polymorshim , encapsulation and inheritence .

14)Create a Shape interface having methods area() and perimeter() . Create two subclasses Circle and Rectangle that implements the 
Shape interface . Create a class Demo with main method and demonstrate  the area and perimeter of both the shape classes.
You need to handle the values of length , breadth and radius in respective class to calculate area and perimeter


// Assignment 2//
1) what is exception handling ?
2) What is checked and unchecked exception ?
3)what is autoboxing in java?
4) Write a java program to show use of throws , throw , finally , try catch.
5) JAVA program to demonstrate user defined exception ( checked exception)
6) what is jdk , jvm .
7) what is runtime polymorphism?
8) what is compile time polymorphism
9) what happens when a constructor is declared private.
10 ) define package in java
11)what is the use of extends keyword and implements keyword
12) define unary operator
13) define Ternary Operator and Bitwise operator in java with example programs
14) what is wildcard in java
15) define garbage collector in java
16) Write a java program to reverse a integer
17) Write a java program to check whether an integer is palindrome or not
